Your Majesty
seat grant
Zhu Secret History
If I were to play against the Northern Yuan and the Japanese at the same time
It's almost a win
win rate
Up to three games
Why are you so calm?
I admire nations more than people
Soldiers are strong by nature
Good at trade-offs
Come and go without a trace
And I was bigger than infantry.
Against cavalry
The most important thing is material
Plus 300,000 two-front combat
30% win rate
Already overestimated
Father, you have fought many battles
Can't you defeat the alliance of the Northern Plains and the Snail Kingdom?
Your Majesty
This is not the day he was killed on the playground
Is it the default artifact?
Wow, this magic is huge
If you can equip a large number of elite guards
The minister has 5 layers of grasp
Can defeat the allied forces of the Northern Yuan and the Japanese
Explain that history is seeing a grenade
This grenade is so powerful that it can break through boulders
If you send away how much of this grenade equipment
At least 70%
Why is there still a 30% chance of failure?